how do you keep it semi he'll be here
you cube unfortunately has deleted my
privileged account so I'm starting from
scratch and then right here and now i'm
going to show you an app review mock-up
review the app is called effects studio
every photo studio bro in order I will
have a download link in the description
and so yeah once you open up it goes to
this menu right here then you just open
my vision up so it's here as you can see
has tons of preciate and they're very
good very useful and very a creative so
as you see the hundreds producer here
here you can have a category for if you
legal all fish heads here you sheets and
endless at least of Bridget's every day
then fertilize will jump to this one let
them take it like this so this makes it
sound like painted and their
transcription goes hub favorite once by
clicking them then get clicking on the
favorite button and you can also have
your own appreciates example your desk a
depreciated here and you can share the
picture that have created from facebook
tumblr Twitter email and you can undo
one option that come down crop your
image so let's say we're cropped it here
or by and apply and you can either now
rotate it exactly but this and you can
test the Preferences page bosu
brightness saturation the contrast or
even the color you won't make a bit of
something like a blue or here and you
can compare your pic to your own picture
to your first picture that you can full
screen you can load the photo you can
load the different photo and go on let's
go full screen so i think that's it not
reset here and say vehicle program I
to recommend downloading them so bye-bye
for the moment see you in the next video
and thank you for watching the
follow me twitter and like my facebook
charm and bye bye